sometimes you want to listen to music
without shutting the whole world out and
that's why shocks is sponsoring this
video to tell you about their open Fit
air open air I don't even know how to
call this product they're not earbuds
they go around your ear you see they
look like this it's like a jewelry box
look at this crisscross thing A Little
Instruction Manual a little warranty or
don't read this manual and a tiny a Toc
cable checking out the case got the
shocks logo on the front it's kind of
car in there you can feel it USBC on the
back this is a really like kind of matte
Soft Touch case there is an indicator
light on the front and a little grippy
spot for you to open this is a pretty
compact case for having to hold a
product that big and they just fit over
top each other I wonder if it matters
which order I put them in but it doesn't
holy this is actually easier than normal
earphones looking at the earbuds
ear the these things
themselves you've got this you think
it's just kind of
flexible plastic or it's just the
silicone bouncing around but there's
actually a small wire in there it's made
of nanl which is a nickel titanium alloy
which is super elastic so this is
supposed to make it so you can put these
things on and have a lot of lot of
comfort for long listing sessions I'm s
this is just so light and so like
there's just nothing to this it's
interesting it's not light in a bad way
can't wait to put this on but first you
can look at there's some Pogo pins here
that's for charging this happens to be
the left one I know that from this
indicator there's a little Grill here
for air moving in and out probably the
sound comes out of there the drivers
behind a little Grill there for venting
and there are two microphones per
headphone for active beam forming right
there and right there I really want to
put these on but the pairing happens
when they're in the case so let's do
that first I got the app installed it's
already searching and I think I'm
supposed to press a button here there
they are lots of stuff to look at in the
app but let's just leave that for now
and put these on so I'm looking at the
picture here this part goes behind the
ear feels like I'm wearing nothing at
all nothing at all nothing at all wow
yeah these are super light yeah shock
says they put a lot of work into
figuring out where to put the center of
gravity on these things and where to put
the pressure points so you can wear
these for a long time have them feel
snug on there and also make them feel
lighter than they even are and I will
say if they're pretty on there other
than when I really whip my head like
that and they get some distance from the
ear which is kind of fine because they
just go back to normal after these are
really staying
on wow they're on 8 G each 75 with the
Case Case itself F set so why would you
want headphones like this number one
thing probably safety your own safety if
you're jogging at night or riding a
bicycle or even a well motorcycle you
have a helmet on but still for your own
safety
these are great cuz my ear canals are
open I can still put my finger in there
so you can hear more what's going on
around you which is cool but not only
your own safety other people's safety I
love ignoring my kids as much as the
next guy but sometimes it's just not
ethical to do so sometimes I want to
listen music and also be able to hear if
my children are screaming that's my
personal old man James uh dad reason for
getting these so let's get some music on
I'll interact with it to see how the
controls work and then from there we'll
go into the app first things first first
musac all right it only has double tap
and hold there's no single tap Pac colad
song Let's go now we're cooking with gas
so the interface on here is a little
unconventional they don't have symmetry
between the earbuds and they also don't
have a single tap which is philosophical
you know you don't want to have false
positives make everything a double tap
so it's double tap on the left to pause
and there's again there's no tactile
button there you don't hear a little
button going in your ear it's all
capacitive and you can see how fast it
reacts here when go do
do it doesn't say do do it just goes so
that's double tap on the left if I
double tap on the right it goes next
song I don't think I can go triple tap
for back 1 two
3 no we just went to next song now not
every headphone or earbud has volume on
the buds themselves but these do it's
hold to go up takes a while for it to
initiate and then it's going in steps
now you can see that going up and then
hold to go down down now it's going down
normally I would say that I want my
volume to react a little faster like if
someone's walking up to me uh to speak
to me and I'm in the gym I like to be
able to crank the volume down pretty
quickly um so I don't feel the need to
pull my earbud out but in this case I
think that would be kind of a non-issue
because I should be able to just hear
people speaking to me because this is so
much more open I would totally wear
these in the gym I can lean my head back
on a bench without them being touched I
can shake my head around without them
falling off I feel I can go upside
down yeah can totally go upside down and
they're IP 54 rated so that means um you
know normal earbuds they usually do ipx4
which means they don't get an Engish
protection rating for dust but these
guys did it's five and then the four is
splashes sweat you know someone could
squirt your with water gun you can get
caught in the rain it's all fine let's
listen to these a little more one thing
I want to know is how much people around
me can hear any noise that leaks
now they claim to have this direct pitch
technology which really aims the the
sound into the ear holes um but let's
see you guys can you can you hear this
yet how how loud is it for you you can't
I'm getting this all right I'm going to
crank this up Beyond a level that I even
want this is Max yeah you can hear it
how how loudly would you be mad if I was
uh if your desk was there and my desk
was here and I was listening of that
volume no if we're on the bus together I
might be mad on the bus you might be mad
so You' be more mad to strangers on the
bus than the people work with you listen
to this for8 hours without telling me
anything but you you can't ride the bus
with someone for 5 minutes you're a nice
guy okay so it's like any other earphone
when you max it it's going to be a bit
annoying to the people around you that's
actually pretty decent considering these
unlike other headphones these aren't
like isolated in your ear canal so all
right now though let's listen to
something with some bass because with
earbuds that go in your ear canal a lot
of the base is dependent on you having a
seal in your ear canal so you can
actually pressurize that volume of air
these don't have any seal at all so how
can they do
base
okay there's there's some Bas
present and I believe there's actually a
base boost feature in the app I'm going
to try that go into here oh boom it's a
there's a button exposed right at the
highest level okay the base boost
definitely makes the Basse feel a little
fatter I don't think it makes it sound
lower but it it does give it a little
more body I would say these graphs come
courtesy of headphones.com thank you
guys very much and you can see here
predictably when you get into like the
midrange and the and the sub range it is
below our Target curve which is the
dotted line um but it traces it more
closely in the treble now with base
boost on though it does lift it up
around the 100 HZ range it's kind of the
crossover Range and then in the
mid-range it actually kind of overcooks
it but it doesn't seem to affect the
treble I probably would keep the base
boost on let's see what else they have
for the eqs this is boosting the highend
to me personally I think I think it's a
little bit um becomes a bit bright there
and in this particular sound a little
harsh sounding so I probably would just
stick to standard of Base boost and then
vocal is probably your podcast mode a
lot of headphones have a mode that's
specifically to make the vocals more
intelligible it can be useful if you're
listening to like the news or something
like that as well but yeah I'd probably
stick to these ones on the left now I
want to know about how the controls can
be changed in the app because they do
give you some customization there so it
looks like we have the double tap and
press and hold interactions of available
to us there's no other single tap or
whatever by default or even exposed at
all then you can customize what each of
those interactions does so on double tap
it's telling you what we got by default
and then you can select these other kind
of configs I think what would I do I
might just keep the default voice
assistance is okay but I have a watch so
yeah I probably keep the default you can
pair two devices other than that all we
have in the app is battery life so let's
talk about the battery life claims so
lots of numbers so I'm just going to
have my notes here this is a 40 milliamp
hour earbud each B they're over here
each one of those 40 milliamp hours uh
the case itself is 600 so you can get 28
hours of Music time with the charging
case or 6 hours on the buds or 4.3 hours
of talk time on the buds I like I love
that stat I feel like that's there just
for the taxi drivers you can charge up
the buds with the case in an hour or you
can just plug them in for 10 minutes to
get 2 hours of playback time and the
standby time on the these Bad Boys 30
days now we did do some battery life
testing ourselves in the lab and we
found that our testing was pretty
aligned with their claims we didn't
quite make it on any of them but we got
pretty close on all of them actually the
one we got the least close on was the
single Bud like battery life time which
we measured at 5.3 hours rather than six
so there you have it they're pretty cool
they got this little pliable thing that
makes it more suitable for more ear
types I'm pretty happy with the comfor
and I do feel like I could wear these
for quite a while cuz they're just so
light it's like their air just joking
these are on sale now we have links in
the description you can get them on
Amazon on Best Buy you can actually try
these on in person at a Best Buy if you
really want to see how they work for you
or you can go to the manufacturer's
website and buy them directly there
they're
$120 they come in black white and pink
so thanks for watching guys if you like
this video hit like hit subscribe hit me
up in the comments you can call me names
uh I'll I'll still love you I'll be back
next time and thanks to shocks for
sponsoring this video